hey guys understand i'm on TB and r4
exists over the IPS inscription i'm here
with leaky red nasal and flat line hey
wait what's wrong with his nasals I
think we should like maybe put some eye
drops in there because that's the same
thing yes nice enough so we're playing
the TP in our factor huh yeah I gotta
step aside go for everything but the
diamond you're on your own buddy come on
don't worry I got you guys I got you
come in come in i'm i'm killing a man
how good I can trade it to be a pokeyman
mastered leave the calendar how cool
would it be if and pick someone you
could actually catch a cow I would call
it how long go kalmar character to join
miltank know that there's already him
whoa accurate so I didn't even stop at
your mother oh no he didn't oh yeah he
did you want the right haha you changing
the topic um oh you see do something oh
my good eye you just run past me wearing
nothing and then I come around the
corner and you're dead you know it's a
guy that's my style I have some stuff
okay there's food over here in the
forget that start stop stop shut up dumb
there's two guys over here in the market
all I have is a mitten I'm take your
face off mom okay oh its chest right now
how cool would it be if you could let
actually pick up cactuses and just like
smart people in the head with them yeah
yeah yeah I have something else Nicki
Nicki red snot snarling hey girl whoa
gotta come on this way oh this way yes
yes this way oh my god you're actually
going the right way oh yeah yeah okay I
lost the people that were over here
you know just stops you only ever would
axe yeah same we can be twins oh my god
20 years we ready are ya who is this ah
it's anything you wanted to be sugar ok
I'll be anyone you want me to be sugar
mr. Putnam angelina jolie brad pass oh
no I lost was right favor what's that
man looking at hyderabad oh hey Nick
choked good eye it's okay it's okay can
he die yeah what would you do if I just
drop dead in the middle of the recording
like you just said a thump and then I
was just stood there like that I would
just act normal and end up the video so
guys are you guys the wrong with me this
was all the pair of addicts see you next
video but you just have like a short
clip of next video Jesus the paramedics
giving like Shonda like a PR then you
just hear the clamp we losin in losing
him all you can use me like that's
possible it turns out i just had an
eyelash in my eye
oh we need to get better weapons relax
Oh Oh my potato hey paper need to eat
mmm Carla that's gonna go straight to
your thighs Hey okay remember what goes
through the hips goes straight to the
movie yeah God are you hear that he's
calling you a Blowfish hey I had to die
a coat today I can eat whatever I want
hmm God Maltesers now with Wampus with
well it one bit said I was gonna say one
percent calories but doesn't make us
confident calories I died real good I
want to take the horse Oh fine don't
hurt Randy it wasn't me it's where I
honor your head Randy Randy java drose
um no oh yeah the cake oh let's do that
for the same thing they put in your
arrow like your bow and guess what what
oh yes you made a good look we need a
better weapon we don't need better
weapons when you've got eggs eggs are
all below I mean I got no friends to you
ok this guy wears this oh this guy's
gonna murder you now this guy does not
you kill um we should military weren't
worried about yogurt oh come here your
mother want to throw an egg at
this guy oh oh good for this guy go for
this guy
all right kid we go for you dear nah
take chicken oh holy moly come here you
oh yeah if you push him a not
cool ah run run nasally man no nice old
mice no no so run nasal man you can do
it i believe in you if you win this now
i'm going to be very proud of you do it
Ron Oh what this is so tense let's get
an aerial view of the battle don't
demagoguery Connor you wanna be my co
shout caster yeah okay we got weaker red
naval approaching the victim yeah he's
jumping on the little okay I can't do
this stop it thinking red nails ogres it
lassic arvest nice to get be ladies
leave the redness buzz you up yay yeah
if you fight a guy with Donald amer then
you're gonna have a bad time look at him
showing off the blue yogurt well I think
that um that was a unique recording if I
treated myself I just go yeah i'm gonna
say that I did the best better 17 okay
okay well bye guys
you